The first step in the Star Wars Trivia Game Skill was the creation of an object that could store both a question and list of answers.
This object was named Trivia and has two inputs: a question and an answer. For this trivia game, an array of answers is needed, that way
the user can ask for the list of answers if the user needs a little hlp with the question.

The next chunk of code deals with the array that holds all of my Trivia objects. This array is named questions. The array starts as blank
array, and then if a new question needs to be added, all that needs to be done is a "questions.push(new Trivia(*question*, *[answers]*));"
This will put that new Trivia object at the end of the array while saving the others before it. Think of an array list in Java. 

The first function that occurs in the Star Wars Trivia Skill is the getRandomInt() function. This function, quite literally, will get a 
random integer from 0 (representing question 1) to 6 (representing question 7). This function is used many times throughout the Alexa 
Skill.

The first intent that the Alexa Skill encounters is 'introIntent'. 'introIntent' assigns the variable "num" to a random integer using the
getRandomInt() function. This integer will represent a specific Trivia object within the "questions" array. The varibale "count" is
also then reset back to 1. This is done because once the user wants to restart the trivia game, it will start by saying "Question 1: ..." 
rather than just incrememnting the previous question number. For example, if the user left the previous game at question number 8 and 
'introIntent' was not reset, Alexa would tell the user that they are now on question 9.  
Alexa then goes on to tell the user the question that they were assigned. Along with this, count has been increased by 1, so the next 
question will not be question 1, rather it will be question 2.

The second intent is 'quesOpt'. All 'quesOpt' does is list the answer choices corresponding to the question that was previously asked. 
Alexa does not automatically list the answer choices, however, rather the user must request a list of options in order for Alexa to do so. 
This intent utilizes the global variable "num" which was assigned a random integer value in the previous intent. It is imperative that 
this intent does not generate a random integer value for num because the same num value is needed to correctly list the answer choices
for the previous question.

The next intent is the 'answer' intent. This intent creates a temporary variable named ans which represents the user's inputted answer to
the question. This intent utilizes the asnCheck() function, which is by far one of the most important and intricate functions of this
Skill.

There is also a 'leave' intent which just tells Alexa to stop. In order to get another question and start the game after this intent has
been fired, the user must open star wars trivia again and start a new trivia game.

The next intent is 'anotherQues' which is fired if the user asks alexa to ask another question. Once this intent occurs, "count" increases
and a new random integer is assigned to "num".

The final function of this Alexa Skill is "ansCheck(actAns)" where "actAns" is the user's answer and the function checks to see if that
answer is correct or incorrect. If incorrect, Alexa will let the user know if their answer was in the list of options or not. This 
function utilizies a series of if-else functions to determine the random number assigned to "num" which will tell Alexa which question
the user is answering to. Alexa will then check to see if the answer is correct or incorrect. If correct, Alexa will simply say 
"That is correct!" If incorrect, Alexa will first check to see if your answer is found within the array of answers for the current 
question. This process utilizies a for loop which checks each index of the answer array. If the user's answer cannot be found within the
answer array that corresponds to the question, then Alexa will inform the user of this tragedy. 
